Starting Translation Service...
sensors size : 0
############################################################################# 
{1=1, 2=1, 3=1, 4=1, 5=1, 6=1, 7=1, 8=1, 9=1, 10=1}
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 1 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_1.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 2 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_2.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 3 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_3.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 4 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_4.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 5 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_5.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 6 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_6.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 7 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_7.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 8 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_8.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 9 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_9.csv
The Mobility dataset used in this simulation for user: 10 is: /home/d.aitomar/IdeaProjects/Ifogsim_Kmeans_SOM-main/dataset/newDataSet/user/user_10.csv
****MapModule cloud
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_0 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator processingModule on device gateway_33 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_1 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_2 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_3 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_5 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_6 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_7 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_8 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_4 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator processingModule on device gateway_26 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator clientModule on device mobile_9 successful.!!!!!!!
Placement of operator processingModule on device gateway_27 successful.!!!!!!!
Creating clientModule on device mobile_0
Creating clientModule on device mobile_1
Creating clientModule on device mobile_2
Creating clientModule on device mobile_3
Creating clientModule on device mobile_4
Creating clientModule on device mobile_5
Creating clientModule on device mobile_6
Creating clientModule on device mobile_7
Creating clientModule on device mobile_8
Creating clientModule on device mobile_9
Creating storageModule on device cloud
Creating processingModule on device gateway_26
Creating processingModule on device gateway_27
Creating processingModule on device gateway_33
0.0 Start sending Clustering Request to Fog Devices in level: [2]
0.0 Submitted application Translation_Service
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_112 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_105 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_112 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_105 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_15 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_105 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_15 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_105 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is sending processingModule
gateway_112 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_112 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_15 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_1 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_1 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_5 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_15 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_71 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_5 is receiving processingModule
gateway_71 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is receiving processingModule
gateway_5 is sending processingModule
gateway_15 is receiving processingModule
gateway_5 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_15 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_32 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_5 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is receiving processingModule
gateway_5 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is sending processingModule
gateway_4 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_34 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_4 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_29 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_29 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_34 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_105 is receiving processingModule
gateway_34 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_107 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_105 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_109 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_107 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_109 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_112 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_112 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_29 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_38 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_38 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_29 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_5 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_43 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_43 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_5 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_32 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_32 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_17 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_32 is receiving processingModule
gateway_17 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_45 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_45 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_108 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_108 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_29 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_29 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_32 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_38 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_32 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_38 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_28 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_1 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_112 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_112 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_1 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_105 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_29 is receiving processingModule
gateway_45 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_111 is sending processingModule
gateway_1 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_105 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_45 is sending processingModule
gateway_1 is sending processingModule
gateway_25 is receiving processingModule
gateway_29 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_1 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_34 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_1 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_34 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is receiving processingModule
gateway_30 is sending processingModule
gateway_107 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_107 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_31 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_26 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_28 is sending processingModule
gateway_33 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_26 is receiving processingModule
gateway_27 is sending processingModule
gateway_30 is receiving processingModule
gateway_25 is sending processingModule
gateway_27 is receiving processingModule
gateway_33 is sending processingModule
=========================================
============== RESULTS ==================
=========================================
EXECUTION TIME : 1138
=========================================
=========================================
TUPLE CPU EXECUTION DELY
=========================================
ACTION_COMMAND ---> 0.15599999999994985
RAW_DATA ---> 0.1999999880674636
PROCESSED_DATA ---> 0.03482142857152819
M-SENSOR ---> 10.0
=========================================
mobile_0 : Energy Consumed = 175015.71699999968
mobile_1 : Energy Consumed = 175015.84424999953
mobile_2 : Energy Consumed = 174953.36449999965
mobile_3 : Energy Consumed = 174950.0865399996
mobile_4 : Energy Consumed = 175010.37249999976
mobile_5 : Energy Consumed = 175013.17199999964
mobile_6 : Energy Consumed = 175000.4469999996
mobile_7 : Energy Consumed = 175040.1489999998
mobile_8 : Energy Consumed = 174920.27949999963
mobile_9 : Energy Consumed = 175000.44699999978
cloud : Energy Consumed = 2723578.5906249927
proxy-server_0 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_1 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_2 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_3 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_4 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_5 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_6 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_7 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_8 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_9 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_10 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
proxy-server_11 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_0 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_1 : Energy Consumed = 169869.1559200001
gateway_2 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_3 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_4 : Energy Consumed = 167622.61776249995
gateway_5 : Energy Consumed = 170797.59354374997
gateway_6 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_7 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_8 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_9 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_10 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_11 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_12 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_13 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_14 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_15 : Energy Consumed = 167127.76977249997
gateway_16 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_17 : Energy Consumed = 166869.28939124994
gateway_18 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_19 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_20 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_21 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_22 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_23 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_24 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_25 : Energy Consumed = 185426.38783750022
gateway_26 : Energy Consumed = 184054.02136474947
gateway_27 : Energy Consumed = 204599.56178600076
gateway_28 : Energy Consumed = 171006.17077624996
gateway_29 : Energy Consumed = 169372.81382374998
gateway_30 : Energy Consumed = 192170.64001580028
gateway_31 : Energy Consumed = 188236.8016937501
gateway_32 : Energy Consumed = 174922.82089999996
gateway_33 : Energy Consumed = 205192.4231460008
gateway_34 : Energy Consumed = 169118.51693999997
gateway_35 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_36 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_37 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_38 : Energy Consumed = 169563.16295999996
gateway_39 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_40 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_41 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_42 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_43 : Energy Consumed = 168573.46697999997
gateway_44 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_45 : Energy Consumed = 167889.76395999995
gateway_46 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_47 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_48 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_49 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_50 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_51 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_52 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_53 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_54 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_55 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_56 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_57 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_58 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_59 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_60 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_61 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_62 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_63 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_64 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_65 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_66 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_67 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_68 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_69 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_70 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_71 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_72 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_73 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_74 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_75 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_76 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_77 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_78 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_79 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_80 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_81 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_82 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_83 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_84 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_85 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_86 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_87 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_88 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_89 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_90 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_91 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_92 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_93 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_94 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_95 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_96 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_97 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_98 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_99 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_100 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_101 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_102 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_103 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_104 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_105 : Energy Consumed = 170791.91594000004
gateway_106 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_107 : Energy Consumed = 170519.39096
gateway_108 : Energy Consumed = 168095.35297999997
gateway_109 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_110 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_111 : Energy Consumed = 185444.61593375003
gateway_112 : Energy Consumed = 169056.95976249996
gateway_113 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_114 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_115 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_116 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
gateway_117 : Energy Consumed = 166866.59999999995
 Total energy : =  2.63845458840651E7
Cost of execution in cloud. = 844658.5000002214
Total network usage = 106283.5
Total time required for module migration for clustering = 784.0
Début =====
numbre of shet :2
Valeurs enregistrez sur  EXCEL.
